README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline)

[Travis CI Build History](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline/builds)

# canonical_ubuntu_16.04_lts_stig_baseline

An InSpec profile of the DISA Canonical Ubuntu 16.04 LTS STIG baseline

## Getting Started
The following inputs must be configured in inspec.yml for the profile to run correctly. More information about InSpec inputs can be found in the [InSpec Profile Documentation](https://www.inspec.io/docs/reference/profiles/).

```
  - name: emergency_accounts
    description: Emergency user accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: temporary_accounts
    description: Temporary user accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: application_groups
    description: Known Application Groups
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: known_system_accounts
    description: System accounts that support approved system activities
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: disallowed_accounts
    description: Accounts that are not allowed on the system
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: user_accounts
    description: Accounts of known managed users
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: exempt_home_users
    description: These are `home dir` exempt interactive accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: security_accounts
    description: Security Personnel accounts
    type: Array
    value: []
```
## Running This Profile
When the __"runner"__ host uses this profile overlay for the first time, follow these steps: 

```
mkdir profiles
cd profiles
git clone https://github.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline.git
cd canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline
bundle install
cd ..
inspec exec canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline [-t ssh://<hostname>:<port> --sudo] --reporter=cli json:<path_to_your_output_file/name_of_your_output_file.json>
```
For every successive run, follow these steps to always have the latest version of this profile:

```
cd profiles/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline
git pull
cd ..
inspec exec canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline [-t ssh://<hostname>:<port> --sudo] --reporter=cli json:<path_to_your_output_file/name_of_your_output_file.json>
```

## Viewing the JSON Results

The JSON results output file can be loaded into __[heimdall-lite](https://mitre.github.io/heimdall-lite/)__ for a user-interactive, graphical view of the InSpec results. 

The JSON InSpec results file may also be loaded into a __full heimdall server__, allowing for additional functionality such as to store and compare multiple profile runs.

## Contributing and Getting Help
To report a bug or feature request, please open an [issue](https://github.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline/issues/new).

## Authors
* Krishna Kola
* Amol Shah

## Special Thanks
* Aaron Lippold
* Eugene Aaron

## License 

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license excepted as noted in [LICENSE.MD](https://github.com/mitre/project/blob/master/LICENSE.md). 

### NOTICE

© 2019 The MITRE Corporation.  

Approved for Public Release; Distribution Unlimited. Case Number 18-3678.  

### NOTICE
MITRE hereby grants express written permission to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, and otherwise leverage this software to the extent permitted by the licensed terms provided in the LICENSE.md file included with this project.

### NOTICE  

This software was produced for the U. S. Government under Contract Number HHSM-500-2012-00008I, and is subject to Federal Acquisition Regulation Clause 52.227-14, Rights in Data-General.  

No other use other than that granted to the U. S. Government, or to those acting on behalf of the U. S. Government under that Clause is authorized without the express written permission of The MITRE Corporation. 

For further information, please contact The MITRE Corporation, Contracts Management Office, 7515 Colshire Drive, McLean, VA  22102-7539, (703) 983-6000.  

### NOTICE

DISA STIGs are published by DISA IASE, see: https://iase.disa.mil/Pages/privacy_policy.aspx.

Commit message:

added getting started preamble
## Getting Started  
It is intended and recommended that InSpec run this profile from a __"runner"__ host (such as a DevOps orchestration server, an administrative management system, or a developer's workstation/laptop) against the target remotely over __winrm__.

__For the best security of the runner, always install on the runner the _latest version_ of InSpec and supporting Ruby language components.__ 

Latest versions and installation options are available at the [InSpec](http://inspec.io/) site.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline.svg?branch=development)](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline)

[Travis CI Build History](https://travis-ci.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline/builds)

# canonical_ubuntu_16.04_lts_stig_baseline

An InSpec profile of the DISA Canonical Ubuntu 16.04 LTS STIG baseline

## Getting Started  
It is intended and recommended that InSpec run this profile from a __"runner"__ host (such as a DevOps orchestration server, an administrative management system, or a developer's workstation/laptop) against the target remotely over __winrm__.

__For the best security of the runner, always install on the runner the _latest version_ of InSpec and supporting Ruby language components.__ 

Latest versions and installation options are available at the [InSpec](http://inspec.io/) site.

The following inputs must be configured in inspec.yml for the profile to run correctly. More information about InSpec inputs can be found in the [InSpec Profile Documentation](https://www.inspec.io/docs/reference/profiles/).

```
  - name: emergency_accounts
    description: Emergency user accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: temporary_accounts
    description: Temporary user accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: application_groups
    description: Known Application Groups
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: known_system_accounts
    description: System accounts that support approved system activities
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: disallowed_accounts
    description: Accounts that are not allowed on the system
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: user_accounts
    description: Accounts of known managed users
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: exempt_home_users
    description: These are `home dir` exempt interactive accounts
    type: Array
    value: []

  - name: security_accounts
    description: Security Personnel accounts
    type: Array
    value: []
```
## Running This Profile
When the __"runner"__ host uses this profile overlay for the first time, follow these steps: 

```
mkdir profiles
cd profiles
git clone https://github.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline.git
cd canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline
bundle install
cd ..
inspec exec canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline [-t ssh://<hostname>:<port> --sudo] --reporter=cli json:<path_to_your_output_file/name_of_your_output_file.json>
```
For every successive run, follow these steps to always have the latest version of this profile:

```
cd profiles/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline
git pull
cd ..
inspec exec canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline [-t ssh://<hostname>:<port> --sudo] --reporter=cli json:<path_to_your_output_file/name_of_your_output_file.json>
```

## Viewing the JSON Results

The JSON results output file can be loaded into __[heimdall-lite](https://mitre.github.io/heimdall-lite/)__ for a user-interactive, graphical view of the InSpec results. 

The JSON InSpec results file may also be loaded into a __full heimdall server__, allowing for additional functionality such as to store and compare multiple profile runs.

## Contributing and Getting Help
To report a bug or feature request, please open an [issue](https://github.com/mitre/canonical-ubuntu-16.04-lts-stig-baseline/issues/new).

## Authors
* Krishna Kola
* Amol Shah

## Special Thanks
* Aaron Lippold
* Eugene Aronne

## License 

This project is licensed under the terms of the Apache 2.0 license excepted as noted in [LICENSE.MD](https://github.com/mitre/project/blob/master/LICENSE.md). 

### NOTICE

© 2019 The MITRE Corporation.  

Approved for Public Release; Distribution Unlimited. Case Number 18-3678.  

### NOTICE
MITRE hereby grants express written permission to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, and otherwise leverage this software to the extent permitted by the licensed terms provided in the LICENSE.md file included with this project.

### NOTICE  

This software was produced for the U. S. Government under Contract Number HHSM-500-2012-00008I, and is subject to Federal Acquisition Regulation Clause 52.227-14, Rights in Data-General.  

No other use other than that granted to the U. S. Government, or to those acting on behalf of the U. S. Government under that Clause is authorized without the express written permission of The MITRE Corporation. 

For further information, please contact The MITRE Corporation, Contracts Management Office, 7515 Colshire Drive, McLean, VA  22102-7539, (703) 983-6000.  

### NOTICE

DISA STIGs are published by DISA IASE, see: https://iase.disa.mil/Pages/privacy_policy.aspx.
